I know what you're thinking, can we optimize this, can we make this simpler than it already is?
Right.
Mo, I have to go and I have to run this command every time, every time I want to see something or
I'm doing something wrong.
Well, surely enough.
What we can do is we can simplify the process even further if we need to.
Now, first off, we have this lenth command here.
Right.
And the command is awesome because it's going to link our code, but we can integrate it even further
into visual studio code.
And if we click over here on this little icon, it's called the extension's icon.
And in the extension's icon, you can add extensions to Visual Studio Code and the extensions that we
want to add.
If we search Iceland and we can see here at the top, Slint has a plugin.
And this integrates excellent interviews code.
And this extension basically allows you to lend your code in the editor, so if we hit install here,
the extension is now enabled globally.
OK, so we just installed it.
That was pretty quick, right?
So now if we go over to our code, well, we can see here at the top, Iceland is disabled since his
execution has not been approved or denied yet.
OK, so it's telling us press the light bulb.
So if we look at this.
Yes, Lintas disabled.
Right, so let me go through that again, so if we if we go here and if we press peak problem, we can
see a light bulb here, right.
Show fix problems and then we'll manage the library execution and this will pop up.
The excellent extension will use node modules, Esslin for validation, which is installed locally.
Do I want to allow and then I want to say allow everywhere to remember this choice.
And so that in itself is going to enable us to lift in line, so let's say I went back here and I instead
of doing this, I put margin top 10, Fleck's one.
Well, now I can see in line that, hey, I'm breaking a rule, no inline styles.
So I already automatically know that something's going wrong.
And if I put a comma at the end, it's going to double up on me, is going to say, hey, hey, Mo,
you're doing two things wrong.
And I'm like, whoa, whoa, sorry, sorry.
So I'll just remove that and I'll put styles that list.
Right, and and all as well.
Isn't that easy?
That's amazing.
So now we can enforce our consistency throughout the project.
That's awesome.
All right, so with that, let's look at how to optimize prettier as well.